Open tracking

Allow users to add a reason for unsubscribing.

Allow varying granularity of stats recording. Eg: you could record just the number of clicks, opens etc, or exactly who opens etc.
Some site owners may not want analytics at all.
Also Track: forwards, forwarded opens, last open date
To track opens, first make use of image method, but fallback on clicks. Include unsubscribe link clicks.
Hook into google analytics event tracking?

Track clicks that occur without 'open' ...which implies text-based browser, or not enabling images in client.

Could interact with different SMTP servers to spread the load??

Track views / clicks on front-end newsletter page.
Add 'view this newsletter online' link to default template.

Ability for admin to unsubscribe and re-subscribe recipients.

Only show bounces if bounce tracking has been set up/ enabled.

Archive stats when they get too large

Check that text-based emails are working..

Make use of the browser capabilities module to provide human-readable info on browsers.
http://php.net/manual/en/function.get-browser.php
http://browsers.garykeith.com/downloads.asp
https://github.com/garetjax/phpbrowscap
... make sure email client type isn't lost if recipient clicks a link.

Remove reliance on third-party javascript form validation

Improve design of analtyics / reports.

Improve permissions for front-end newsletter viewing. Allow either nobody, everybody, or only recipients.

Don't create new sent records on a newsletter re-send.

Custom name placement in newsletter content.

Allow changing order of status report.

Move link to database conversion to a once-called function to speed up email sending performance.
Convert all links once, and then go through again later to add individual recipient info.

Known bug: if you have an image on your page, and a link with the same url, the image src will get replaced also, breaking the image.
The same goes if you have the same link displaying within some content. eg: <a href="mylink.com">mylink.com</a>

Ability to copy a newsletter (ie content and subject) to a new draft.

Graph reports: opens line graph, pie chart of opens,clicks, etc

Unit tests


Newsletter courses add-on. Ability to send out a sequence of newsletters to a recipient. 